[Music]
okay look I'm sorry I'm very very sorry
for missing a month but I just really
had to take a break like I'm talking a
koi Kenshin break my mind was not in the
right place at all again thanks for
waiting for me okay so now into the film
so anks was the reason that made me not
want to upload so let's talk about the
movie angst this is a very cool movie
with interesting cinematography directed
by Gerald Kargil
this movie surely inspired other films
like Henry portrait of a serial killer
and the house that Jack built is similar
to those two because it puts us with
this unnamed serial killer who just got
out of jail but his anxious desire to
kill overwhelms him now this is a quick
little video for a movie you guys should
definitely check out on your own if you
want to see what happens including all
the messed up parts stay tuned for the
breakdown - to go hon you know you are
following a mentally ill person around
with this camera work this guy has a
thirst for killing he can't explain he's
a name but I'll just call him Werner
which is the serial killer he is loosely
based on he knocks on some old lady's
door in Shuster twice for no reason the
idiot was arrested when he came back to
the crime scene later
now just interrogating him the police
figure he's just a sick [ __ ] who wants
to kill for kicks
no motive and no memory of even killing
the lady
the psychiatrist assigned him though
thinks he's just pretending to be crazy
so he doesn't go to prison his past
criminal history helps with that theory
a history like stealing in school
attacking animals with knives and
eventually attempting to murder his
mother also one other thing he did was
he was seduced by some heavy foul
pervert lady when he was 14 I guess she
acted as like a submissive letting the
young boy whipper and more during sexual
encounters all that did was make him
want to dominate others
well when he was 18 he was released from
prison where he just tortured animals
prostitutes and killed old ladies he
does another 10 years after the events
we saw and he is released for the murder
of the old lady he probably would have
been in a Cell longer if they didn't
think he was trying to rob that cover
the not-so reformed serial killers still
can't shake the nerve to kill the thing
is he is free but has nowhere to go he
stops at a coffee shop and immediately
gets all hard for these two ladies now
if you could kill without interference
these two would be two disembodied
corpses by now he later catches a cab
but the driver reminds him of his first
girlfriend
remember that hello file sub that let
him whip her when he was just 14 he
thinks they favor each other so
naturally it makes him wanna torture the
driver he almost chokes her until she
calls him out and he runs out crazed and
broken from his own madness now he's
running away for a long time until he
comes across the big lonely house in the
middle of everything it's like the house
calls his name
plus it's secluded - probably has an
umbrella laboratory underneath along
with those annoying as [ __ ] hunters he's
just wishing he can come across an
unlucky homeowner well someone is here
but looks like he's disabled and doesn't
have the mental capacity to understand
this is a dangerous Ranger in front of
him he thinks Werner is his father
I love the cinematography by the way it
fits nice and snug with how much Werner
wants to see the fear in his victims
eyes begging of victims the mother and
daughter just came back along with their
cute little dachshund unaware of the
vicious little killer in their home
well that strong dog knows could smell
the unique visitor a mile away the shame
he doesn't react fearfully around this
alien this house is about dry as hell
you probably could make a prequel just
about these homeowners and why is so dry
in here so as expected
Warner makes his presence known and
subdues the daughter weirdly the mother
just watches all this like he's just a
cockroach running around now we are in
Warner's mind most of the time so
can see how this family relates to the
family he hated growing up the daughter
represents his sister who got all the
attention from his miss Andrews mother
the older mother here represents both
his grandmother and mother who hated him
for being a man and an illegitimate
child anyway these homeowners are really
nonchalant about the wacko in their home
the girl can't even break out of the
damn tape and isn't even trying to
scream these people are very awkward
victims now the disabled son is dragged
upstairs and drowned slowly in a fit of
anger that Werner thinks his stepfather
deserved he goes downstairs wood sees
something wrong with the mother it seems
she's in a catatonic state like in an
opossum sorry guys not a big fan of
opossums but God bless him I guess the
daughter begs Werner to give her some
heart medication so she can live and the
only reason he obliges is because he
wants her to die by his hand seeing the
fear in her eyes as she dies in front of
her daughter while he is looking for the
pills the daughter finally escapes from
her bowels and hides his attempts to
save the mother fails since she has
already dead from distress and he kicks
her to the wall since he couldn't kill
her well he still has the girl to kill
but she's she's a little dumb she's a
little stupid honestly she really makes
them dumbasses and Mother's Day look
like Light Yagami she runs away when
he's chasing her but things uh Nayana
Klee in very gory and brutal fur she
ends up getting stabbed many times as
the dog watches her blood fly everywhere
as she lays dying he drinks her blood
like that ugly as Richard chase that's
who Werner reminds me of the most
probably not as diluted the blood made
him vomit soon after and he falls asleep
on her corpse now this is a nightmarish
picture it's low-key more disturbing
than the murder itself along with how
nasty Werner is makes everything pretty
scary
well his murder spree is over and now
it's cleanup time it's not going to
matter anyway since he's so lost in his
own mind he desires to take the bodies
with him
and quite honestly nuts
his pans imagining being along with
those bodies [ __ ] scrappy-doo here
just hanging around with him to this
villain transports all the bodies out
there like 20 minutes of screen time and
cleans himself up before finally taking
off in the family car now again he's
quite lost in his mind almost like he's
drunk off sadism imagining what to do
with those bodies he almost runs over
some kids and they give him a mowed down
as they circle around this must be his
first time behind the wheel I'm actually
surprised he's driving like 50 and not
even paying attention to the road the
first place he stops is at that coffee
shop from before with the same patrons
there too this time he's acting
incredibly anxious and weird now there
were times when I was younger where I
wouldn't even eat at a cafeteria because
I was so anxious to do something stupid
and be looked at like how they look at
him and his mind he's deciding to kill
everybody in the shop but at the nick of
time some police officers stop by they
keep asking for the vehicle registration
but he answers
anxious and thrilled at the same time
thrilled to show them the bodies he has
in the trunk surprisingly they don't
look too shocked they must have seen a
lot worse and of course this is
basically the end of angst which voices
over how Werner is arrested in the
psychiatrist declared him removed from
society completely now the most
interesting parts of this film for me is
how much you really are listening to
Warner's thoughts and feelings of our
killing combined with the camerawork and
you have the very thing that affected
Werner angst now that we're done let's
talk about the mostess third moment and
most enjoyed moments and that spooky
stuff cue to go home
[Music]
so the crazy thing about serial killers
is that they usually are the first
McCobb topic people are so fascinated
with whether it be delusional and crazy
killers like Werner or Richard chase or
some that can act very normal like Jack
or Ted Bundy anyway Werner was
interesting and he's probably a
godfather for all those other
introspective serial killer movies that
we have covered before I think the
actual killing part was just a little
weird but overall I damn near seemed
like the characters acting like that on
purpose
I just see a bloodthirsty wolf and lambs
in shock the most disturbing moment is
most likely the whole aftermath of
Warner's killing spree that ended with
the daughter blood squirting everywhere
the violent pictures afterward it makes
me imagine all those crime scene photos
I view when I was young
whether it was Jack the Ripper or
Richard Ramirez the most enjoy moment
would be certain frames where we were
deeply immersed in Warner's mind it was
interesting to visit the mind of a
serial killer just like Jack or Henry
but more so the former and that's it
this was directed by Gerald Cargill and
I believe it's his only feature film
that he ever made entirely regardless it
was blocked all over Europe for his
content and here we are today looking
right at it if you enjoyed this video
you will definitely mess with the house
that Jack built
and Henry portrait of a serial killer
both were most likely heavily inspired
by this film so check them out remember
click the like button it's how we can
get back to YouTube and subscribe if you
want to see more thanks for watching
spooky out